Hello everyone and welcome to the tens of low light section of the course the tens of low light is an
extension of the Thames a floor library that is used to convert and optimize models for mobile devices.
And the goal of this section is to see how to train a model and optimize it for any mobile device either
Android or IRS when we talk about the deep learning.
The first thing that pops up is the amount of processing resources that we need.
And now we have a mobile device on the other side that has a problem even to run that inference and
not to train the whole model on it.
That is one part of the problem.
The other part is the model size.
Sometimes the same model could be up to 700 megabytes or even more.
Imagine the net is 30 megabytes but to use it there is additional 700 megabytes of additional resources
to be downloaded.
That is just a bad user experience.
But now we have a solution that makes the whole process of handling these problems much easier.
As always we train our model on the computer after their training process is done.
We save the model.
Then we use our tens of low light library to optimize the Save the model for the mobile device.
We'll talk about model optimization in a second after this step.
We end up with the new Save the model smaller and optimized for a mobile device and at the end we put
that optimized model on a mobile device to perform inference on it having the inference time on a mobile
device is not essential although it provides a much better user experience.
The app doesn't need the internet for that.
No data is shared with the server and let's explain the workflow right now in the more details.
We started by training the model in terms of flow 2.0 then we save the train model on a filesystem.
The next step is to define the terms of flow light converter that takes the same model and optimize
it for a mobile device and save the optimized model as a new file.
Finally we put the train model on a mobile device and by using the terms of flow light interpreter we
can efficiently perform inference on the mobile device so far.
We mentioned that there is an optimization process.
Now let's take a few minutes to explain what the optimization is and how it works.
There are several ways to optimize a model for a mobile device one way and maybe the most obvious way
is to optimize the model topology decrease numbers of layers faster operations less fully connected
layers and more.
In most cases this strategy will work but in this way we sacrifice the accuracy over speed and in most
cases we don't want to do that.
The second one is the network parameters precision reduction with quantification the continuation is
a technique where we reduce the precision spaces after the floating numbers from a regular floating
numbers.
We are converting them into 8 bit numbers in most cases.
This technique won't influence our model accuracy and there are two ways to perform quantized version
of the model.
One is pre training quantized Asian and another one is boss training quantized Asian and just to mention
one more.
There is a parameter count reduction as an optimization strategy and finally here is a link to excellent
blog post about the model monetization process.
If you want to learn more about the continuation techniques this is the place to start and that's it
for now.
If you have any questions or comments so far please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I've seen the next tutorial.